[control-plane-manager]Add autodocs for k8s audit rule (#20016)
deckhouse/deckhouse: docs/documentation/pages/admin/configuration/security/KUBERNETES-API-AUDIT.md

## Built-in audit policies

> Deckhouse Kubernetes Platform (DKP) configures a built-in audit policy by default, which can be supplemented with custom rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deckhouse Kubernetes Platform (DKP) configures a basic audit policy by default, which can be supplemented with custom rules.
```

- Log create/update/delete/patch operations for `Role` and `ClusterRole` resources.
- Log create/update/delete operations for `ClusterRoleBinding` resources.
- Log attach and ephemeral container related pod subresource operations.
- Log creation of `VirtualMachineOperation` resources with request/response payload.
- Log create/update/patch/delete operations for virtualization.deckhouse.io resources.
- Log update/patch operations for internal virtualization subresources.
- Log GET operations for subresources.virtualization.deckhouse.io API group.
- Log create/update/patch/delete operations for `Pod` resources.
- Log create/update/patch/delete operations in `d8-virtualization` namespace.
- Log create/update/patch/delete operations for `ModuleConfig` resources.
- Do not log requests from authenticated users.
- Log all remaining (unauthenticated) requests at Metadata level.

Detailed information about the rules and an example of the final policy are available in the [control-plane-manager module documentation](modules/control-plane-manager/audit-rules.html)

<!-- END AUTOGENERATED: KUBERNETES API AUDIT POLICY -->

These policies are enabled by default.

> To disable them, set the [`basicAuditPolicyEnabled`](/modules/control-plane-manager/configuration.html#parameters-apiserver-basicauditpolicyenabled) parameter to `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These rules from the basic policy are enabled by default.
To disable them, set the [`basicAuditPolicyEnabled`](/modules/control-plane-manager/configuration.html#parameters-apiserver-basicauditpolicyenabled) parameter to `false`.
```
